# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile requirements/dev.txt -o requirements/dev.lock.txt
aider-chat==0.78.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.txt
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via
    #   aider-chat
    #   aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.14
    # via
    #   aider-chat
    #   litellm
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via
    #   aider-chat
    #   aiohttp
alabaster==1.0.0
    # via sphinx
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via
    #   aider-chat
    #   pydantic
anthropic==0.49.0
    # via langchain-anthropic
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   aider-chat
    #   anthropic
    #   httpx
    #   openai
    #   watchfiles
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-browser-reload
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-htmx
    #   django-stubs
asttokens==3.0.0
    # via
    #   icecream
    #   stack-data
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   aider-chat
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   outcome
    #   referencing
    #   trio
babel==2.17.0
    # via sphinx
backoff==2.2.1
    # via
    #   aider-chat
    #   posthog
beautifulsoup4==4.13.3
    # via
    #   aider-chat
    #   markdownify
black==25.1.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
browser-use==0.1.40
    # via -r requirements/dev.txt
certifi==2025.1.31
    # via
    #   aider-chat
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   selenium
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   aider-chat
    #   sounddevice
    #   soundfile
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via
    #   aider-chat
    #   requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   aider-chat
    #   black
    #   django-typer
    #   litellm
    #   typer-slim
colorama==0.4.6
    # via icecream
configargparse==1.7
    # via aider-chat
coverage==7.7.1
    # via pytest-cov
decorator==5.2.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via langchain-anthropic
diff-match-patch==20241021
    # via aider-chat
diskcache==5.6.3
    # via aider-chat
distro==1.9.0
    # via
    #   aider-chat
    #   anthropic
    #   openai
    #   posthog
dj-database-url==2.3.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django==5.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   dj-database-url
    #   django-browser-reload
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filter
    #   django-htmx
    #   django-storages
    #   django-stubs
    #   django-stubs-ext
    #   django-tailwind-cli
    #   django-timezone-field
    #   django-typer
    #   django-unfold
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-yasg
    #   sphinxcontrib-django
django-browser-reload==1.18.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.txt
django-cors-headers==4.7.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-debug-toolbar==5.1.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-extensions==3.2.3
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-filter==25.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-htmx==1.23.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-storages==1.14.5
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-stubs==5.1.3
    # via -r requirements/dev.txt
django-stubs-ext==5.1.3
    # via django-stubs
django-tailwind-cli==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-timezone-field==7.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-typer==3.1.0
    # via django-tailwind-cli
django-unfold==0.53.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-widget-tweaks==1.5.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
djangorestframework==3.15.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-yasg
djangorestframework-api-key==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
docutils==0.21.2
    # via
    #   myst-parser
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
drf-yasg==1.21.10
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
executing==2.2.0
    # via
    #   icecream
    #   stack-data
filelock==3.18.0
    # via
    #   aider-chat
    #   huggingface-hub
flake8==7.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aider-chat
frozenlist==1.5.0
    # via
    #   aider-chat
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2025.3.0
    # via
    #   aider-chat
    #   huggingface-hub
gitdb==4.0.12
    # via
    #   aider-chat
    #   gitpython
gitpython==3.1.44
    # via aider-chat
greenlet==3.1.1
    # via playwright
grep-ast==0.8.1
    # via aider-chat
gunicorn==23.0.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   aider-chat
    #   httpcore
    #   wsproto
httpcore==1.0.7
    # via
    #   aider-chat
    #   httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   aider-chat
    #   anthropic
    #   browser-use
    #   langsmith
    #   litellm
    #   ollama
    #   openai
huggingface-hub==0.29.3
    # via
    #   aider-chat
    #   tokenizers
icecream==2.1.4
    # via -r requirements/dev.txt
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   aider-chat
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   trio
    #   yarl
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via sphinx
importlib-metadata==7.2.1
    # via
    #   aider-chat
    #   litellm
importlib-resources==6.5.2
    # via aider-chat
inflection==0.5.1
    # via drf-yasg
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via pytest
ipython==9.0.2
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
ipython-pygments-lexers==1.1.1
    # via ipython
jedi==0.19.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   aider-chat
    #   litellm
    #   myst-parser
    #   sphinx
jiter==0.9.0
    # via
    #   aider-chat
    #   anthropic
    #   openai
json5==0.10.0
    # via aider-chat
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via
    #   aider-chat
    #   litellm
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via
    #   aider-chat
    #   jsonschema
langchain-anthropic==0.3.3
    # via browser-use
langchain-core==0.3.50
    # via
    #   browser-use
    #   langchain-anthropic
    #   langchain-ollama
    #   langchain-openai
langchain-ollama==0.2.2
    # via browser-use
langchain-openai==0.3.1
    # via browser-use
langsmith==0.3.23
    # via langchain-core
litellm==1.63.11
    # via aider-chat
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   aider-chat
    #   mdit-py-plugins
    #   myst-parser
    #   rich
markdownify==0.14.1
    # via browser-use
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   aider-chat
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via ipython
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via
    #   aider-chat
    #   flake8
mdit-py-plugins==0.4.2
    # via myst-parser
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via
    #   aider-chat
    #   markdown-it-py
mixpanel==4.10.1
    # via aider-chat
monotonic==1.6
    # via
    #   aider-chat
    #   posthog
multidict==6.2.0
    # via
    #   aider-chat
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy==1.15.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.txt
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   mypy
myst-parser==4.0.1
    # via -r requirements/dev.txt
networkx==3.2.1
    # via aider-chat
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   aider-chat
    #   scipy
    #   soundfile
ollama==0.4.7
    # via langchain-ollama
openai==1.66.3
    # via
    #   aider-chat
    #   langchain-openai
    #   litellm
orjson==3.10.16
    # via langsmith
outcome==1.3.0.post0
    # via
    #   trio
    #   trio-websocket
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   aider-chat
    #   black
    #   djangorestframework-api-key
    #   drf-yasg
    #   gunicorn
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   pytest
    #   sphinx
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via
    #   aider-chat
    #   black
    #   grep-ast
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via
    #   aider-chat
    #   ipython
pillow==11.1.0
    # via aider-chat
pip==25.0.1
    # via aider-chat
platformdirs==4.3.7
    # via black
playwright==1.51.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   browser-use
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via pytest
posthog==3.21.0
    # via
    #   aider-chat
    #   browser-use
pprintpp==0.4.0
    # via sphinxcontrib-django
prompt-toolkit==3.0.50
    # via
    #   aider-chat
    #   ipython
propcache==0.3.0
    # via
    #   aider-chat
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
psutil==7.0.0
    # via aider-chat
psycopg2==2.9.10
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   aider-chat
    #   pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
pycodestyle==2.12.1
    # via
    #   aider-chat
    #   flake8
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   aider-chat
    #   cffi
pydantic==2.10.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aider-chat
    #   anthropic
    #   browser-use
    #   langchain-anthropic
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   litellm
    #   ollama
    #   openai
pydantic-core==2.27.2
    # via
    #   aider-chat
    #   pydantic
pydub==0.25.1
    # via aider-chat
pyee==12.1.1
    # via playwright
pyflakes==3.2.0
    # via
    #   aider-chat
    #   flake8
pygments==2.19.1
    # via
    #   aider-chat
    #   icecream
    #   ipython
    #   ipython-pygments-lexers
    #   rich
    #   sphinx
pypandoc==1.15
    # via aider-chat
pyperclip==1.9.0
    # via aider-chat
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via urllib3
pytest==8.3.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   pytest-asyncio
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-asyncio==0.26.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.txt
pytest-cov==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.txt
pytest-django==4.10.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.txt
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   aider-chat
    #   posthog
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aider-chat
    #   browser-use
    #   litellm
pytz==2025.2
    # via drf-yasg
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aider-chat
    #   drf-yasg
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   myst-parser
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   aider-chat
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2024.11.6
    # via
    #   aider-chat
    #   tiktoken
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   aider-chat
    #   browser-use
    #   django-tailwind-cli
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langsmith
    #   mixpanel
    #   posthog
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   sphinx
    #   stripe
    #   tiktoken
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
rich==13.9.4
    # via aider-chat
roman-numerals-py==3.1.0
    # via sphinx
rpds-py==0.23.1
    # via
    #   aider-chat
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
scipy==1.13.1
    # via aider-chat
selenium==4.30.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.txt
semver==3.0.4
    # via django-tailwind-cli
setuptools==78.1.0
    # via browser-use
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via django-typer
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   aider-chat
    #   markdownify
    #   mixpanel
    #   posthog
    #   python-dateutil
smmap==5.0.2
    # via
    #   aider-chat
    #   gitdb
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   aider-chat
    #   anthropic
    #   anyio
    #   openai
    #   trio
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via sphinx
socksio==1.0.0
    # via aider-chat
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via trio
sounddevice==0.5.1
    # via aider-chat
soundfile==0.13.1
    # via aider-chat
soupsieve==2.6
    # via
    #   aider-chat
    #   beautifulsoup4
sphinx==8.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   myst-parser
    #   sphinx-autodoc-typehints
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
    #   sphinxcontrib-django
    #   sphinxcontrib-jquery
sphinx-autodoc-typehints==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.txt
sphinx-rtd-theme==3.0.2
    # via -r requirements/dev.txt
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-django==2.5
    # via -r requirements/dev.txt
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.1.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jquery==4.1
    # via sphinx-rtd-theme
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
stripe==11.6.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via langchain-core
tiktoken==0.9.0
    # via
    #   aider-chat
    #   langchain-openai
    #   litellm
tokenizers==0.21.1
    # via
    #   aider-chat
    #   litellm
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   aider-chat
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   openai
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   matplotlib-inline
tree-sitter==0.24.0
    # via
    #   aider-chat
    #   tree-sitter-language-pack
tree-sitter-c-sharp==0.23.1
    # via
    #   aider-chat
    #   tree-sitter-language-pack
tree-sitter-embedded-template==0.23.2
    # via
    #   aider-chat
    #   tree-sitter-language-pack
tree-sitter-language-pack==0.6.1
    # via
    #   aider-chat
    #   grep-ast
tree-sitter-yaml==0.7.0
    # via
    #   aider-chat
    #   tree-sitter-language-pack
trio==0.29.0
    # via
    #   selenium
    #   trio-websocket
trio-websocket==0.12.2
    # via selenium
typer-slim==0.15.2
    # via django-typer
types-pyyaml==6.0.12.20241230
    # via django-stubs
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   aider-chat
    #   anthropic
    #   anyio
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   dj-database-url
    #   django-stubs
    #   django-stubs-ext
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   mypy
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pyee
    #   referencing
    #   selenium
    #   stripe
    #   typer-slim
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-yasg
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via
    #   aider-chat
    #   mixpanel
    #   requests
    #   selenium
watchfiles==1.0.4
    # via aider-chat
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   aider-chat
    #   prompt-toolkit
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via selenium
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via -r requirements/dev.txt
whitenoise==6.9.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
wsproto==1.2.0
    # via trio-websocket
yarl==1.18.3
    # via
    #   aider-chat
    #   aiohttp
zipp==3.21.0
    # via
    #   aider-chat
    #   importlib-metadata
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via langsmith
